fix/style: correct broken links and use md (#141)
dashpay/dips: dip-0008.md

160 or more nodes in the quorum divided by the total number of outcomes.
This is computed by the sum

<p align="center"><img src="dip-0008/fin_sum.gif" alt="Final sum" ></p>
![Final sum](dip-0008/fin_sum.gif)

The numbers involved in this sum can be quite large. We may

> use a <A HREF="dip-0008/quorum_attack.py">Python Script</A> to effectively

Reviewer: also maybe Python Script quorum_attack.py ?

> use a [Python Script](dip-0008/quorum_attack.py) to effectively

Author: ```suggestion
use the [quorum_attack.py script](dip-0008/quorum_attack.py) to effectively
```
